h. What can go wrong and how your DAP must handle it gracefully? You mean like our front-end app? Gas price. Okay. You mean like our front-end app, how it handles better?

17:54 - Nikhil Meshram
Yeah. So, let's suppose you are in the middle of transaction, right? During the transaction, Okay.

17:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Suddenly gas price got increased suddenly from the Ethereum. Yeah.

18:06 - Nikhil Meshram
So what can go wrong? And also if something is going wrong, how should your decentralized application or platform must handle it gracefully?

18:17 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Okay. If gas price spikes and if we are paying a less gas price than what was there in the current Ethereum, then our thing like our transaction may get stuck or delayed or may or it may drop and transaction may get stuck in the mempool because our max fee is now like too low compared to the base fee right so it will stuck in the mempool and the transaction may be like never get mined because validators skip it because your gas is like gas is not competitive right and also user cannot send new transactions with the same gas fee. So what we need to do was like at the time we need to again recheck the latest gas fee and like maybe we'll be showing something like a user like network has some conjunction or like some price peg has been added and what we'll be doing was like we'll be doing something like a retry logic with providing some higher priority fee. And we have something like a speed up kind of fun we'll what we'll be doing like with the same norms we'll be increasing the priority and we'll be sending that to the mempool and we'll be having something like in ui notifier like I mean if we show something to the user like something like these things have happened that will be a good and we'll be handling that thing in our d app and if we set like some reasonable max fee that will be better like at the time of spikes.

20:00 - Nikhil Meshram
Can you explain me the how the off-chain signature and on-chain signature system works?

20:11 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Yeah sure like in an on-chain signature what we will be doing was like we will be signing the signature right that signature will be having like a V, R and S component like which will be validated by a ECDSA elliptic curve digital signature algorithm. What it will do was like actually that ECDSA will be in the Ethereum itself at some 0x01 address I think like it has some pre-compiled address with that what we will be doing was like we will be doing something like is it is a like dot recover and what will be in order for that record will be passing whatever the signature that we have been signed and with the help of that what it will give us was like it will give us like whether that user has been signed that transaction or not and it will get the signer then it will check whether he was a valid signer or not and he can it can able to check on the on team and and for that we will be having something like a typed transactions, we have something like EIP-712 and how an off-chain signature was created was like a we creating with the help of some web3 packages and blockchain instead of blockchain we can verify it later usually like using a EIP-712 on-chain like we'll be following some standard like how we're transaction will be and we'll be validating that directly inside a smart contract using ECDSA. For an option like usually like our front-end and our front-end or back-end will prepare that typed message which is a format of APS 712.

22:07 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
User signs it using like a wallet going to use a like wallet in the front end which has like some kind of like metamask.

22:15 - Nikhil Meshram
If there is a wallet involvement so how it will be off-chain signature like off-chain signatures.

22:29 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
I didn't get you can you repeat again.

22:31 - Nikhil Meshram
So on-chain means basically we are signing the transaction right off-chain means we are doing something of the grid. So, like how that system will work off-chain signature.

22:48 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Off-chain signature involves a wallet and with the help of wallet we will be signing that transaction. Signature is stored on like kind of like we will be sending that to like that RPC node and all actually we will be having something like I mean if we send it like if you are sending an ether that signature needs to be validated by Ethereum itself and if we want something to verify like we will be using on chain with the help of ECDSA.recover.

23:38 - Nikhil Meshram
Okay, have you heard about gas list transaction?

23:42 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, yes.

23:45 - Nikhil Meshram
So, can you explain me gas list transactions and how that system works?

23:52 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Yeah, sure. Gasless transactions gasless transactions was like what we'll be doing was like with the help of gasless transactions we'll be signing a transaction and and maybe we maybe we don't have any Ethereum in our wallet what we'll do is like we'll just sign that transaction with the help of that EAP 712 structured data and we'll be sending the transaction to like some other or like we can send it to anyone and they can able to verify the thing behalf of us like maybe maybe if we can consider like if a D if a D app want to give a incentivize to the users what they can do was like if our wallet don't have any Ethereum or any token what we'll be doing was like we'll be just signing the transaction and the D and the D app or some other thing they can take our transaction transaction they they will execute on our behalf that is what like a gas less transactions who will pay the transaction fee in that case if user is not paying so whoever is executing that transaction they will pay that may be in my scenario like in my scenario which I have told what some decentralized application will want to do was like they will want to onboard new users. So like maybe whenever new users was coming, what they will think of was like, if there is some fee, they won't come that much easily, right? So at the time, if a dApp can provide something like incentives to the user, like whatever the transaction fee was there, if the transaction fee was paid by the user, not user, the transaction was paid by the dApp, then we will be giving the transaction as a free for that user.

26:00 - Nikhil Meshram
Have you worked on Hyperledger, blockchain and Solana before? No, I haven't worked on Hyperledger, Fabric. Solana also you haven't worked on, right?

26:13 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Solana recently only I have been going through. Rust language on Solana.

26:19 - Nikhil Meshram
So are you able to develop anything on Solana like smart contract deployment and transaction interaction on Solana.

26:30 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Actually I have not gone that much actually what it was like actually learned the Rust basics and actually wrote some small minimal program in Solana but I have not deployed that one. I was just trying to start that one recently, but I haven't gone through much.

26:49 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Because I want to first go through fully deep into one ecosystem, then I want to switch to another one. That's what I was thinking. Begin to focus on.

27:18 - Nikhil Meshram
So if you get anything to work on Solana or deploy something on Solana, so So you can learn and you can do that, right? And based on like GPD we have nowadays and YouTube, I don't think so it is pretty difficult to do that.

27:38 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
And if you can see like recently, like maybe two to three months back, like I have been fully into the Ethereum ecosystem. So like I actually learned Ethereum, first what I thought to do was like previously I thought to directly go to into the Solana smart contract. But when I went into the Solana smart contracts what I thought like what I get to know was like first I need to learn how Solana how all these validators works and how like they were doing the parallel execution and all the things right that that thing I want to get into it so that's why I was I was learning the theoretical part and I was giving a delay for the technical part in the Solana ecosystem. Currently I was going to deep into the theoretical part of like how solana works and like if you can see like I have a strong interest in blockchain too so that's why I have been okay yeah so yeah so we will jump on this few backend and So, can you differentiate between set interval and set timeout?

28:58 - Nikhil Meshram
Yeah sure like set interval will be running a function based on that repeatedly based on the interval we have given like set interval runs repeatedly at like fixed intervals and set timeout run once after a delay so let's suppose I want to print hello world in the start of the start of running the program so and it should keep on printing hello world right so immediately it should start printing hello world and then it will keep on printing after every 30 seconds right so which function I should use setInterval or setTimeout so the thing is it should it should start wait it should start immediately it should start printing immediately once I run the program right and then it will keep on printing after every 30 seconds so if I if I am running right now so it should print hello world and then wait 30 seconds then hello world and then again 30 seconds and hello world actually it will wait for 30 seconds and then only it will print no no so basically we have two functions right set interval and set timeout so which function I should use so that this logic I can run or execute I mean like whenever we run a like code you first need a hello world and then for after 30 seconds we need this hello world like for every 30 right correct okay and we must need

30:47 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
to use set interval and set timeout in this scenario. How many one of them we need to use out of this two we need to select one in this scenario so which one is applicable in this scenario if you want to select one maybe we will be adding a console just normal console initial and after that we will be having the set interval with the 30 interval then what will happen was like initially it will print the hello world and after that for every 30 seconds it will print with the help of set interval the console log will be printed okay and if I want to after running the program it should wait 30 second and then print the hello world and then keep on printing

31:36 - Nikhil Meshram
so in that scenario which set interval or set timeout I should use which one I should use set interval set interval yeah yes and why not set timeout set timeout will only run once right so we cannot able to print like multiple times okay is there any other way to do to execute this both scenarios one by one like printing hello world immediately and after 30 it should keep on printing or after 30 second it should keep on printing hello words.

32:11 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
So apart from this to do do we have anything you mean like after 30 seconds it needs to print continuously or like after 30 it again follow that 30 seconds both if you want to execute so how we will do it, apart from set interval and set timeout, we can be run cron job loop or some other logic, like log that continuously we can use loops or we can use something like recursions, so that it will continuously loop through that and it will be able to that one continuously and if you want like we can use that like asynchronously what we can do is like we will be using some by loop to print it continuously. If you want and we will be having something like a, if we can use something like a sleep off for some 30 seconds and that needs to be like,

33:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Have you worked on docker, AWS server? Like after 30 seconds. I got it.

33:56 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
I have worked on AWS part mostly.

33:59 - Nikhil Meshram
You have worked on right?

34:02 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

34:04 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Actually in my company actually they have actually provided AWS and actually they have told like you can able to explore on the AWS part so we have actually gone through the all AWS language and all the API gateways and all.

34:22 - Nikhil Meshram
So you have actually have you deployed anything on AWS or just?

34:30 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
We will be retaining something like AML files on how it needs to be done and we will be forming something like we will be installing the packages and we will be building it and we will be pushing that to the AWS.

34:51 - Unidentified Speaker
it has something like caching mechanism but I mean actually I haven't gone implemented it but I know a basic knowledge on it because of Kubernetes actually I haven't but actually have a knowledge in like docker.

35:29 - Unidentified Speaker
Can you scale that knowledge from 1 to 10?

35:34 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
It will be 5 on docker. 5?

35:39 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, docker. Are you sure 5? Docker is very deep concept.

35:45 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Actually the thing is like actually I mean like we actually initialized the containers and I mean like what we thought it was like there will be some images and we will be with the help of that images we actually have tried to run it and but I have actually not tried to like create an image and all the things that thing I actually haven't tried like the thing is like I want to explore on those part but current in my organization I actually haven't got much chance in that part. Okay, now what is? Docker like if you want like I will tell the docker part like what docker will do was like it will all include all the app code and it will include all the dependencies and it will create some image and with the help of it like it can like it will run on production site or like on staging or at everywhere it will run with the same thing. It will package your application into a container kind of

36:54 - Nikhil Meshram
So you are working in one organization, right? Dozen, Dozen.

37:01 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Dozen.

37:02 - Nikhil Meshram
So from till 2022 now, right? Yeah, till now.

37:06 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
I'm currently working.

37:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Is it remote or on-site? It was on-site.

37:14 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
we are actually going like five days to the office.

37:18 - Unidentified Speaker
So where it is located in Hyderabad?

37:24 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Near IK only, in Aravindra Galaxy. In IIT city?

37:30 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah in IIT city only.

37:32 - Nikhil Meshram
Aravindra Galaxy. Yeah. Where exactly?

37:36 - Unidentified Speaker
Near Mindspace or Manikonda?

37:42 - Nikhil Meshram
it was near to t hub and ikea beside ikea that is like flyover and ikea okay yeah yeah okay so you are working from that organization from last three years working on same project or different different projects, different different projects Nikhil, different different projects, you worked on S3 right, yeah yes Nikhil I have worked on, you have backend like database understanding also, yeah yes Nikhil, so can you help me to understand like what should be the db selection criteria every developer must know while working on any project db selection criteria it will be based on like it will be based on like how many reads we are going to do from that db and like we

39:02 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
will be choosing that based on based on something like how how the data has been structured and how we are going to retrieve it and how the indexing thing works because with the help of indexing we are able to retrieve it faster and we need to have something like indexing will be having a major priority and also based on how much reads and writes we are going to do we will be paying that based on.

39:37 - Nikhil Meshram
database for next 15 years, so and it should be working the performance of that database must be same the way like the time when we are commissioning that database when we are using that database so the performance that time and after also the performance of that database must be same same or in the sense like similar so what should be my db selection criteria so that database after 15 also should not lag or slow down or perform slowly okay even in the sense after 15 also like it needs to perform as it is and also like you don't need any scaling after that right and not exactly as it is but similar to like it

40:49 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
should have good performance basically okay if you have something like maybe PostgreSQL that was managed by some AWS or some MongoDB Atlas that could have been a bit better one and also if you have something like having a horizontal scalability will be better like because the DB must scale out across like multiple missions right because I mean like you need to having something like a sharding supports too and maybe yeah and we'll be having something like a MongoDB data class those will probably like for those years and also we'll be having something like a which which has something like automatic backup because we may lost data at some point so having backup is main priority one and we need to something has like some high availability database systems and which has like some multi-region support one and we must need to prefer something like which has like a high performance on Read and writes because the that DB must need to support the Read replicas and also it must need to have something like a catching layers like ready with the help of radius we can able to implement the catching systems right and also it needs to have something like a strong consistency with the help of force this and all we'll get that thing okay and also have disaster and recovery management could have been a bit better.

42:41 - Nikhil Meshram
What I was saying, can you explain me the difference between Ethereum, VSC, Polygon in terms of architecture and fees?

42:52 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
yeah sure like actually the ethereum currently uses like a ethereum consists of two layers which has like a consensus layer and also like beacon layer and no actually consensus layer and also execution layer consensus layer will do was like we'll check the consensus part like which it needs to follow and also and the execution layer what it will do was like it will run the smart contract and on the consensus part we will be having like validators and they will be staking the ethereum and and instead of like consensus only we will be having something like a data layer like where all blobs and all the things will be having like we have and also ethereum has validators something like 1 million I guess but the thing is like recently only the what ethereum did was like it has increased the staking from 32 to some 2,000 something right. Based on that report what it was like the Ethereum validators could have been like maybe I think so and the block time of Ethereum was like 12 and fees was a bit high in the Ethereum ecosystem currently and in latest we can able to get a bit cheap from that and Ethereum ecosystem was like it has most secured one because like it has the highest decentralization and it has many device which secure like billions of volumes and and in Binance what it will do was like it has something like a it follow Binance was also like EVM compatible chain what they will do like they actually took the whole EVM and they actually do some modifications and if the BSC follows so proof of stake authority and our ethereum follows proof of stake and for binance we will be having something like maybe 21 I think so validators and validators were selected by like binance only and whoever they approve they will only run and also to run a validator as like a binance we need we need to have something like a system like which has powerful more than a bit of server and for ethereum we can able to run it with a like a bit of medium range one and polygon follow like a three layer architecture. Polygon was kind of like a side chain to the ethereum because like it will depend like what it will do is like it will check the ethereum as a checkpoints and polygon contracts was also like live on ethereum what polygon will do was like it will checkpoint into ethereum like every it has some time based on that time it will check and also it will provide like Ethereum will provide the base security layer and Polygon has something like a Heimdall layer which has like some validators taking and it has some other one two layers too for like recently only they have been moving Polygon was moving to the GKEVM and when you compare fees from all these three like Ethereum has a bit high and Binance has a bit medium and Polygon was very less and in comparison with security like Ethereum is the most secured one and BSC will be the medium one and Polygon was also medium one because like Ethereum is the highly decentralized layer 1 blockchain with the strong security and BSC is like a EVM compatible chain with having like a proof-of-stake authority one and it has like 21 validators so it was not that much decentralized and we cannot we cannot trust based on some security.

46:54 - Nikhil Meshram
So I have a few scenarios Lakshmi.

47:02 - Nikhil Meshram
So let's suppose your backend API worked perfectly on local but it returns 500 error in production.

47:15 - Unidentified Speaker
Logs show no error.

47:17 - Nikhil Meshram
So what steps you should take to trace and fix this issue?

47:24 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Actually for all those things maybe like we will be having something like a new relic locks. I mean in front-end what we will be having like for a back-end if it throws any error on all the things like what we'll be doing was like we'll be we'll be doing we'll what we'll be doing was like we'll be doing something like a new relic locks and we'll push those locks and we'll check that thing based on that API will be filter it out and like if a backend throws a 500 error like we'll be first checking like if something is wrong at our back-end like will be something like checking like if any environment variables was not there and any DB connections was any problem or we will check something like any reverse proxy configs and also we will check like a Docker environment was currently working it in the back-end or not and we will check all that top-level things and when we get five if server was not available we will get that one so it is not going to your API right in the first place it will go to API and our API will have something like it will throws an error like our API will be throwing like if it has something like any DB issues if it has something any missing and all the things our thing will back and only will send that Okay so let's suppose your user dashboard display old data even after updating it in

49:14 - Nikhil Meshram
the database right okay so can you explain me like where you will check the issues cache, front end state, db writes, api like what will be your debugging flow. So what is happening basically you are user dashboard displaying old data even after updating it in the database. So database updated right but your dashboard is still displaying the old data. So where you will check that issue cache, the cache, front end state, db writes or api? And what will be your debugging flow?

49:55 - Unidentified Speaker
I need debugging flow.

50:01 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
We will first check on like on every like on how many seconds our cache will update. And if our cache was in like not in updated state, we'll try to trigger an updated updated data from the backend. And if it is not then we'll check the database and inside of like DB we will check like whether that data was replicated or not and if you are getting not cache data and that data must needs to come from the database it's a data directly from the database itself if it was updated in the database and it was not in the cache then we'll check if some front-end logic that they are written something wrong or not.

50:51 - Unidentified Speaker
So, we mostly check the catching from where you will start.

50:55 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
We first check the catching layer.

50:57 - Nikhil Meshram
Then?

50:59 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Then we will go to then we will check the maybe like some cloud like first we will check the cloud front catch and then we will check the DB So you will not check the front end state.

51:15 - Unidentified Speaker
I mean like the thing is like whatever signals like at the time of signal like the front end like if front end was it good then I was checking the back end.

51:24 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
If front end if they have written something wrong then at final we will be checking that part.

51:30 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Because like we will be checking the API response to if API response was correct and if they then I will go and check the front end part.

51:41 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
If you are getting a updated response in the APA and it was not reflecting in the front end UI and also I can check the browser catch too.

51:55 - Unidentified Speaker
If browser was catching something.

52:03 - Nikhil Meshram
like this the user complains that they cannot upload images anymore on S3 right user is complaining that they cannot upload the image anymore on S3 and you upload services like this nginx nodejs and S3 right okay so from nginx nodejs and S3 so where can failure curve and how will you pinpoint the exact cause.

52:37 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
I mean like when user is trying to upload an image like we will be providing this some APIs to get that image to the back end first and from there we will be updating that in that scenario.

52:50 - Nikhil Meshram
So upload is not working basically so he is trying to upload one image and it is not happening right. So where that failure can occur?

53:05 - Nikhil Meshram
Like what will be your pin point to check the exact cause?

53:10 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
We will first check the front end whether like what was wrong whether the format or type or if there is any wrong API URL or like if you are getting any course errors or something.

53:28 - Nikhil Meshram
working fine earlier so there is no issue on the UI and it was working fine but suddenly it stopped working so where can go the wrong nginx nodejs or s3 where can you can check that issue we will first check the nginx server whether it was like working perfectly or not.

53:59 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Then we'll check the Node.js code inside of it whether it was working or not. Then we'll check the AWS and all like credentials and all the things was correct or not in the backend. And then we'll check like and we'll check something like inside of like S3 whether it was updating So, let us suppose, let us suppose you have one job process.

54:41 - Nikhil Meshram
So, you have job process which send daily emails to 10,000 users.

54:49 - Nikhil Meshram
But consistently it keep 10 to 200 users.

54:57 - Nikhil Meshram
So, how you will fix this concurrency issue, batching and idem potency.

55:06 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
So, you have to 10,000 send different users but every day few like 100 to user getting skip they are not getting meals so okay how you will fix this concurrency issues and batching and high depotency to send like 10k mails daily we will be using something like a queue system like a instead of AWS will bam will bam queues right which has like some control currency level so that like we will able to send emails like once at a time we can make that process idepotent by generating a unique key per user per day so duplicates don't occur we use something like retrace and backoffs and we'll also do logging and there is no duplication let's

56:06 - Nikhil Meshram
suppose there is no duplication at all okay in that case how like but it is keeping few users like hundreds to hundred user it is keeping on delivery So how you will fix this concurrency issue and batching process. So it will not skip those 200 users.

56:27 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
We'll have something like a unique ID for every email so that it can able to deliver to.

56:34 - Nikhil Meshram
Ah, but every, but every email is unique, right?

56:39 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Yeah. We'll use something like some cursor batch, uh, cursor based batch system which offers a limit and and we'll be doing something like a and we'll increase our batching technique so that it will it will reach to her and we'll be doing something like a retrace if we like if that thing was failing because like whenever that thing failed we'll get something like an error rate and we'll avoid offset because like will avoid offsets because it causes something like a skipping and duplications and instead we use like some cursor fetching user IDs and yeah yeah so Lakshmi I am good from mind so there is one more thing so we will share one task with you and

57:46 - Nikhil Meshram
it will be like you have to like develop the task on solona blockchain just a simple like simple task you just have to use the solona blockchain just few transaction you can understand on youtube and gpt right yeah I'm sharing that task with you today the timeline is five days If it is taking more like one or two days more, like usually the time is like three days, but I am providing you five days.

58:18 - Nikhil Meshram
So, yeah, five days. So, let me share the task. I am testing it in a chat so you can paste it somewhere else. You copy that task and paste it somewhere else. You have a better understanding of UX, UI so you can develop good screen. Back end there is no and through blockchain stuff nowadays we have gpt and everything right so yeah still I am providing five days just take your time five days and uh just let me know the let Ritika knows the uh gita breppo and uh one video demo yeah on that uh on this task like so once we are good on that task so we will move forward So, interview is good basically.

59:33 - Lakshmi Sanikommu
Thank you for that Nikhil.

59:35 - Nikhil Meshram
Thank you Lakshmi. I usually do not provide feedback in the interview.

59:39 - Unidentified Speaker
So, yeah.

59:41 - Nikhil Meshram
So, yeah, I think thank you, thank you for joining the call today.

59:46 - Unidentified Speaker
And once this task is done, just let Ritika knows about this.

59:49 - Nikhil Meshram
Okay. Yeah.

59:59 - Nikhil Meshram
Okay.

59:59 - Unidentified Speaker
Thank you Lakshmi. Thank you for joining the call today. Thank you.




Summary:

Summary:

Lakshmi provided a detailed overview of her professional background, emphasizing her experience at DAISO and her growing interest in blockchain technologies, particularly Ethereum and Solana. She rated her skills as an 8 in front-end development, a 7 in blockchain, and a 5-6 in back-end development. The discussion included technical aspects such as Ethereum token standards, the mempool's role in transaction processing, and the concept of gasless transactions. Lakshmi mentioned her current learning phase with Solana and her experience with AWS services, while rating her Docker knowledge as a 5 out of 10.

The conversation also covered database selection criteria, including performance and scalability, and the architectural differences among Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, and Polygon. Nikhil presented troubleshooting scenarios related to backend APIs, and Lakshmi offered systematic debugging strategies. The session concluded with Nikhil assigning Lakshmi a task focused on Solana blockchain development.

Chapters & Topics:

Introduction and Technical Discussion on Blockchain
Lakshmi shared her background in front-end and back-end development while emphasizing her focus on blockchain, especially Ethereum and Solana. Nikhil engaged her in a technical discussion, covering topics such as the differences between Ethereum token standards (ERC-721 and ERC-1155), transaction processing in the mempool, and the implications of gas fees on transactions. Lakshmi demonstrated her knowledge by explaining how miners select transactions based on gas fees and the mechanics of gasless transactions.
* Discussion on blockchain technologies, specifically Ethereum and Solana.
* Introduction and background of Lakshmi Sanikommu.
* Evaluation of technical skills in front-end, back-end, and blockchain.

Skills and Experience Discussion
Nikhil Meshram asked Lakshmi Sanikommu about her experience with blockchain technologies, specifically Hyperledger and Solana. Lakshmi shared that she is new to Solana, focusing on its theoretical aspects before diving into practical applications. She also discussed her experience with AWS, stating she has worked with various AWS services and has a basic understanding of Docker.
* Overview of task assignment related to Solana blockchain development.

Database Selection and Blockchain Architecture Discussion
Nikhil Meshram inquired about database selection criteria, to which Lakshmi Sanikommu responded with factors such as read/write performance, indexing, and scalability. They also explored the architectural differences among Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, and Polygon, noting Ethereum's high security and fees compared to the others. Lakshmi provided insights into the consensus mechanisms and validator structures of each blockchain.
* Explanation of transaction fees and mechanisms in Ethereum.